Suggest minor edit to CONTRIBUTING.md (#10507)
astropy/astropy: CONTRIBUTING.md

enough to contribute. What could you possibly offer a project like this one?

> We assure you - the little voice in your head is wrong. If you can write code at

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We assure you - the little voice in your head is wrong. If you can write code or documentation,
```

> all, or even documentation, you can contribute code to open source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you can contribute code to open source.
```

  * Do all the Travis CI and CircleCI tests pass?
  * If applicable, has an entry been added into the changelog?
  * Can you check out the pull request and repeat the examples and tests?

Other Tips
----------

- To prevent the automated tests from running, you can add ``[ci skip]`` to your
  commit message. This is useful if your PR is a work in progress and you are
  not yet ready for the tests to run. For example:

      $ git commit -m "WIP widget [ci skip]"

  - If you already made the commit without including this string, you can edit
    your existing commit message by running:

        $ git commit --amend

> - To skip only the tests running on Travis CI use ``[skip travis]``.

Reviewer 2: Delete these travis related instructions.

Author: Oof, good catch.

> - If your commit makes substantial changes to the documentation but no code

Reviewer 2: Maybe combine this and the last point in a shortened one, and call it 'skip ci'?

Author: It really seems like this whole section has a lot of redundancy, and can be reduced to a single bullet-point about skip CI.

Author: see 36ec924

Author: Oops, scratch that.  Just realized that section has already been rewritten in main, so I'm just rebasing and keeping the existing text that's there.

  * Do all the GitHub Actions and CircleCI tests pass? If not, are they allowed to fail?
  * If applicable, has an entry been added into the changelog?
  * Can you check out the pull request and repeat the examples and tests?

Other Tips
----------

- Behind the scenes, we conduct a number of tests or checks with new pull requests.
  This is a technique that is called continuous integration, and we use GitHub Actions
  and CircleCI. To prevent the automated tests from running, you can add ``[ci skip]``
  to your commit message. This is useful if your PR is a work in progress (WIP) and
  you are not yet ready for the tests to run. For example:

      $ git commit -m "WIP widget [ci skip]"

  - If you already made the commit without including this string, you can edit
    your existing commit message by running:

        $ git commit --amend

> - Unfortunately, GitHub Actions ignores ``[ci skip]`` for a PR, so we recommend

Reviewer 2: I think only circle CI and readthedocs now ignore `skip ci`?

Author: It appears so.  I'll fix that.

Author: Ok, I went ahead and removed that bullet point since it's no longer really pertinent.
